README File, will be used for overall pitch and instruction.

Current Mockup Design: https://xd.adobe.com/view/8327eb77-c5c0-4da2-b46d-670070877654-d674/?fullscreen


Our Proof of Concept (POC) provides a new and innovative solution as to the CDC's conundrum of tracking and alerting individuals that have been in contact with a positive testing COVID patient. This POC identifies two different parties that will use the application: Students/Faculty and University Officials. The Students/Faculty will be using the application in a "background" aspect in-which the main use of the application is to share location data with the University. This information sharing is to allow University officials to quickly determine if the individual has been in contact with a positive COVID patient. Students/Faculty will still have the ability to notify the University, through the application, that they have tested positive for COVID, at which point, individual can also provide feedback as to where they were located for more than 15 minutes. This is specifically for public areas (cafeteria, library, etc.) so that University Officials can share a mass notification, letting all students know if they should be social distancing due to being in said public areas at the same time. Each student that receives notice of a connection to a positive COVID result will also receive CDC guidance and nearby testing locations.
With the use of a location-based system on a University campus, the University can track the students that have been confirmed cases and then be able to react accordingly and in a timely manner. The biggest concern for a University is the spread of the disease and our innovative application gives them piece of mind and more information to students. Implementing this application at Northwestern Missouri State University (NWMSU) will provide a solution to tracking COVID cases and give information to students as to how to handle being in contact with a COVID patient. It also empowers the students to share information that they know about possible cases along with information about themselves being identified as a postivie case and how to handle the next two weeks. The application is focused on providing information to NWMSU and giving students piece-of-mind on updates about COVID campus cases and letting students know if they have been in contact with a positive case.
